---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
I am Minxi Yan, a third-year student pursuing a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science and Technology at Hohai University. Currently I'm the president of robot association and member in AIM Group[https://multimodality.group/] Throughout my academic journey, I have consistently maintained a good academic performance, overall GPA 4.34. Notably, my grades have shown significant improvement during my sophomore and junior years, achieving GPAs of 4.54 and 4.67 respectively. These achievements have not gone unnoticed, as I had won 12 scholarships and honors including Huawei Scholarship(top 2%), Technology Innovation Scholarship(top 5%) and academic excellent scholarship(top 10%). In order to enhance my practical abilities, I participated in some competitions, wining 9 national and provincial awards including the second prize in the National Computer Design Competition, the First Prize in the Web Design Competition and the Third prize in the Service Outsourcing Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition. Out of my passion for academic research, I have led and participated in multiple projects such as ‘Vehicle-Road Collaborative Simulation System for Intelligent Transportation and Algorithm Practice’ , ’Data-driven Hydrological Time-series Prediction’ and ‘Multi-robot Swarm Control’. Currently, I have successfully had one paper and one software copyright accepted, with an additional two Chinese core papers currently under submission. Beyond my academic pursuits, I have actively engaged in various extracurricular activities that have enriched my overall development. For instance, I have been the president of Robotics Association in Hohai University since my sophomore year, where I collaborated with fellow students on projects related to robots and organize academic activities. This experience has enhanced my teamwork and leadership skills. In the future, I hope I can make contributions to airtificial intelligence and make the world better.
